Let me give you a basic gestalt. We live in a third dimensional plane.
We can see the planets, the galaxies, the suns,
hundreds of billions of galaxies, photographed universes.
We live in an amazing space time continuum,
and we're on this planet. And Einstein's physics showed at max planks,
his physics shuttered, all there's at least 12 dimensions.
And now that's all the top scientists and billionaires are coming out saying
it's a false hologram. It is artificial.
The computers are scanning it and finding tension points where it's artificially
projected and gravity is bleeding in to this universe.
That's what they call dark matter. So we're like a thought or a dream.
That's a wisp in some computer programs. Some God's mind,
whatever they're proving it all. It's all coming out. So we're on this planet.
The third dimension, which is a launchpad,
all the other dimensions below and above the third dimension,
all the mathematic shows is, is the primal.
She of where all this happens to the earth, like an egg.
And we've got all this potentiality.
Now there's like this sub transmission zone below the third dimension.
That's just turned over to the most horrible things is what it resonates to.
And it's trying to get up into the third dimension.
That's just a basic level consciousness to launch into the next levels.
And our species is already way up in the fifth,
sixth dimension consciously our best people,
but there's this big war trying to like basically destroy humanity because
humanity has free will. And there's a decision to which level we want to go to.
We have free will. So a allowed to come and contend,
not just good it's people who are psychically genetically
available to interface in this incredibly diverse universe
with all these dimensions above and below and all around us with
consciousnesses. And the truth is no energy is ever destroyed.
It all continues on the truth is our bodies.
This is a fact or a communal hive organism of all of our
ancestors and all of their race memories,
but not in just some compressed epigenetic system. It's beyond that.
It's an electro-chemical antenna. They've proven this,
that connects to higher and lower dimensions show our body shoot.
Cause our cause our, our, our, our predecessors,
what put us in a position without giving us a body suit, that is them.
Our families are loving us. They're holding us. They're wrapped all around us,
their strength, their will, their bad, their good, their sins,
the good things they did, the battles. They won the battles.
They lost the woman. They loved the, the man they love it's all in us.
All these people it's while we're able to look into so many things and have so
many different experiences,
the elite are all about transcendence and living forever and the secrets of the
universe. And they want to know all this summer. Good. Some are bad,
some are a mix. And so all the shaman, all the ancient religions,
everybody says there are the good ones and there are the bad ones,
but the good ones don't ever want to organize the bad ones tend to want to
organize because they lost after power and the, and people are interfacing.
So you say, where does it begin from the Tibetans to the Mesoamericans,
to the Egyptians, to the Druids,
to every ancient society describes the same thing.
There are bad things that look like ELLs that have horns when they show you who
they really are. And there are good things,
but they don't contact you unless you contact him. And then they,
they're almost not even concerned with what you're doing.
Powerful consciousnesses don't want to dominate other people.
They want to empower them.
So they don't tend to get together until things are really late in the game.
Then they come together.
Evil's always defeated because good is so much stronger.
The elites believe that it's not in the third dimension,
that we're mainly receiving transmissions ships.
Don't arrive from Elvis and juries or Guidi prime for wherever they're coming
from or meal. Gees,
come here to interdimensional gates that are much.
Closer through fold space. And so.
We have discuss the different influences there in the universe.
And our fact that we have free will, and we decide what we want.
I don't believe in any of this. I'm simply telling you what the elites believe.
I never bought into this look to do it.
But then I began to think about what did I hear when I was a kid?
What did I see what was coming on? Government documents?
What was being admitted? When I read all these books about world war II,
the Nazis and Hitler obsessed with the Dalai Lama and the Tibetans and what they
were able to do without drugs to interface with this and all the rituals they
would do and how they were believed that beyond the ether,
like at skull and bones,
as a German death called they do rituals and take drugs to talk to the
goddesses. Well, there's just appearing as you know, sexy, beautiful women.
It's whatever you want as the spirit guides,
because lower entities will come in and violate your free will God.
And his angels, which are below him,
will not get involved in your everyday life.
They will not manipulate your freewill unless you ask them in.
But then the devil masquerades as an angel of light and the elites themselves
believe they're racing will using human technology to try to take our
best minds and build some type of breakaway civilization where they're going to
merge with machines, transcend and break away from the failed species.
That is man, which is kind of like a false transmission,
because they're thinking what they are is ugly and bad,
projecting it onto themselves instead of believing, no,
it's a human test about building us up and God will send out a transmission for
a larger plan, but evil is willing to come in. And what does it say?
Demoralize get rid of children. Don't have kids, humans are bad. You'll be,
we'll be better once you're all gone.
And it's because it's their operational mission for whatever reason that we'll
understand later, what's going on. And so Google was set up 18, 19 years ago.
This was, I knew about this before it was declassified.
I'm just saying I've good sources that they wanted to build a giant artificial
system. And Google believes that the first artificial intelligence will be a
supercomputer based on the neuron activities of the hive,
mind of humanity with billions of people wired into it with the internet of
things. And so all of our thoughts go into it.
And we're actually a computer that has real neurons in real time.
That's also psychically connected to us that are organic creatures so that
they will have current prediction powers, future prediction powers,
a true crystal ball.
But the big secret is once you have a crystal ball and know the future,
you can add stimuli beforehand and make decisions that control the future.
And so then it's the end of consciousness and free will for individuals as we
know, and a true 2.0, in a very bad way.
Hive mind consciousness with an AI, jacked into everyone,
knowing our hopes and dreams, delivering it to us,
not in some PKD wire-heads system where we plug in and give up on consciousness
because of unlimited pleasure,
but because we were already wired in and absorbed before we knew it by giving
over our consciousness to the system, our daily decisions,
that it was able to manipulate and control into a larger system.
But like the Bible tells you any pharma key or any of that always leads to
destruction because only evil is going to come through that way.
So we're basically have these light sockets.
We can't Jack into the higher let's it's our free will.
And that takes time we Jack in to the evil. So you can Jack into evil.
You can't Jack into good right away. So it's quicker. It's easier.
Like Yoda says about Darth Vader quicker, easier,
more seductive we're made in the image of our creator.
Our brain is able to tune into the lowest dimension.
The highest dimension humans are basically really powerful creatures that can
live right close to sons. They're highly radioactive.
Nothing else can live as close.
We have very short lives because we're like a.
Hive organism that actually lives second to second.
And the space time continuum is like a hundred years. It's a second.
And we transmit our data up to be able to live next to likely Stargate jump
gates that are, that our sons. So because we live so close to these sons,
we only have like milliseconds to be alive.
So we're actually a hive organism that keeps transmitting up to the next
species in our, in our, in our hierarchal system and then down below us.
So we're alive right now in this continuum and we're trying to progress
and, and make things better.
And the elites are trying to make sure that we don't dial into that incredible
knowledge.
We've got as a species and basically as a species so that we're not
competitors on the next level, as the Bible says of their dimensional plane.
And, and so when you study it,
the globalist go to these events and they take bigger
and bigger doses of drugs, they do electroshock. Uh,
if you go back to the owners of Time-Life books,
didn't work just in the twenties and thirties and LSD and other hallucinogens
and apothecary, they weren't dealing electroshock. They were, they were,
they were having people turn their heart off to like try to communicate with
these sayings to try to be dominant and get that.
So you go back thousands of years, Merlin, you know, the archetypal or, or, or,
or these magicians, or these,
these wizards are taking drugs in these temples and interfacing with
these Palantir's these crystal balls, which aren't really crystal balls.
It's their psychic focus of an international connection. While they're on drugs,
looking into glass to then be able to see the future and understand what's
happening to give them temporal power over this planet.
This is an interdimensional force that wants to influence us to build something
that absorbs us and kills us rather than the divine, a free will.
We're given to build something much better that empowers the, the species.
So the species is now a decision.
On a sitar future. Where are you getting this from? From that.